# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile dev_requirements.in --output-file dev_requirements.txt
-e file:.
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
attrs==25.3.0
    # via interrogate
authlib==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bs4
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   interrogate
colorama==0.4.6
    # via interrogate
coverage==7.8.0
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   authlib
    #   types-authlib
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flickr-photos-api==3.9
    # via
    #   -r dev_requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
flickr-url-parser==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flickr-photos-api
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flickr-photos-api
    #   flickr-url-parser
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flickr-url-parser
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
interrogate==1.7.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
keyring==25.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
libsass==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   types-wtforms
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
multidict==6.4.3
    # via yarl
mwparserfromhell==0.6.6
    # via pywikibot
mypy==1.15.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via mypy
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   pywikibot
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via yarl
py==1.11.0
    # via interrogate
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-vcr
    #   silver-nitrate
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
pytest-vcr==1.0.2
    # via silver-nitrate
pywikibot==10.0.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via vcrpy
requests==2.32.3
    # via pywikibot
ruff==0.11.7
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
silver-nitrate==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flickr-photos-api
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via interrogate
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flickr-photos-api
termcolor==3.0.1
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r dev_requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
types-authlib==1.5.0.20250416
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20250204
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20241018
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via types-tqdm
types-tqdm==4.67.0.20250417
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
types-wtforms==3.2.1.20250401
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
    #   vcrpy
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via pytest-vcr
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via vcrpy
wtforms==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf
yarl==1.20.0
    # via vcrpy
